yeah im not using wifi and not uploading/downloading either .
many of us are italians , many simply grew up watching it and have an appreciation for its tactics .
yeah but raping someone is a violation of human rights too .
i say ditch her and simply * do n't - worry * about what she will think , say and do .
well , it 's working good enough if it takes > 100 years to brute-force an algorithm .
i would suggest as5 or other reliable thermal paste .
mods are in trouble .
the chariots did look a bit old kingdom-y , but again , we do n't even know if the egyptians a ) used chariots at all or b ) what they looked like .
because the world post 4th war is the world of shinobi diplomacy .
there are other peaceful ways to achieve political goals , like maiden protests .
she did n't look very terrified of blood when she operated on rock lee .
seeing the joy in sean payton after scoring on gregg williams defense is something i will remember for the rest of my life .
so 2 gens forward if we consider ryzen = 7th gen.
i bet his uncle owns a cool pointed ghost costume
yes they do , click on `` origin '' .
yeah i watched it .
this rollout is probably about testing the reception of this other version until they merge them both .
staying polite is fine if that 's all you can muster at the moment .
jessica !!
my bad .
i am not advocating not studying though .
we shall .
atleast our board is done then .
feminism does not frame it as `` women vs men '' , it is about `` i want to be the same as you '' .
this took me a while to realize why this was on / r/theonion
suso is much better in that aspect
the big bang is nothing more than the expansion of that matter .
ok . make a shortcut for steam .
** please ** make sure you 're able to vote for him ( and make sure your friends can too ) at http://voteforbernie.org/
during the rest of the year i managed to complete a 2 year ict level 3 extended diploma by june 2017 and achieved a triple distinction star ***
thank you for the albanian stream .
nothing personal with aldo .
borderlands handsome collection would be perfect for you .
united states only .
it reminded me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ynt8b95x3o ) .
cmon except maybe for 2 jets everything is no big deal for russia considering they have been there for over a year now
pull diagonally left and watch the heads plink .
you yourself said it , we are all very similar people .
given , this is the bay area so we have cali 's unemployment and a region over-saturated with planner types .
i am interested in teaching myself the basics but do n't have any previous experience with the language .
they injured our qb , running back , and two top receivers .
i think the difficulty of simply finding housing overrides the `` have past volunteers been successful/happy ? ''
hopefully they 'll learn from it ( they actually wo n't learn a thing , no one does ) .
ca n't people post normal titles like the benteke/martial goal ?
probably to some southern state where i can actually take advantage of constitutional freedoms .
when everybody brought lunch at school and i was the only one who did not eat lunch at all .
> have 2 boys and one of them is very tiny and i will do everything in my power to make him understand it is not a bad thing
the worst one i have is the `` tea party '' where you fight on the ships and you have to do certain things to get 100 % like shove people on the water , which is a royal pain in the ass since the camera is a bitch and the game does n't count the people i throw half the time .
they are like a gpu , cost from 20-150 $
what do you say to the people who think you 're no different than past prime ministers ?
americans go the most apeshit about their kids .
you should trust me when i say that i know what that man can do to a team .
... do you have an attic i can rent ?
no problem
he had a great game and still managed to help us lose .
skin color , religion or any other descriptive term does not affect how i treat any living being .
i agree !
i shall defeat you !
i 'm waiting for the moment when kosovo 's flag is used for albanian .
blood vengeance is not very common anymore in albania , sure , in the remote villages in the north of albania it is still somewhat common and many families are forced to stay locked inside their houses for fear of getting killed or as we call them `` te ngujuar '' .
i admit i am afraid of strays ( due to being chased by them when i was young , twice ) and i always move on the other side of the road when i see strays , but never have i ever seen people behave maliciously towards a domesticated dog .
albania on border with croatia ?
plenty of restaurants outside of newbury st. , pal
have you noticed the macho culture they 've developed as a result ?
do you know what 's wrong with and have expertise soldering tht and smd components ?
albanians of albania and albanians of kosovo see themselves as one nation .
that was my first thought .
i also would n't call 3/10 questions `` focusing '' on other topics , which btw , were written and upvoted by a great many redditors .
for fucks sake .
the article is clear in saying that calciopoli was real in the sense that it was an orchestrated attempt at influencing * choices of referees per match * by moggi .
i know i have a comment out there saying the holocaust never happened which got a shit ton of downvotes .
swpa to b250 and a g4560 and get a 1050ti .
i hated it mostly because of how shitty work was with it being an aerial port and all .
black nigg
if it 's legal for me to beat my wife , is it okay for me to do so ?
trump has way more support than hillary , trust me , trump will win , he 's gon na destroy hillary in the upcoming presidential campaign with all the illegal shit she has done .
i 'm very happy he 's getting all the playing time
o shit the goyim know
how can you even post tuttosport as a source ?
there 's also the flying wings bgm at the village ... i must have bought it at least a dozen times by now .
i 've always been a fan of transformers
do you know why the original coffee shop was called like that ?
libra | 1 | +1
that does make sense .
merkel wanted it all used for debt repayment ; tsipras wanted a smaller fund , devoted to funding investment , to avoid national humiliation .
hope she says yes !
the previous gta was set in liberty city .
i 'm not defending communism , i really do n't believe in it .
that 's where it had the biggest reach with people .
it has improved quite nicely .
it had the opposite effect on me , their hate motivated me to become fat .
best mini game i 've seen in a rpg .
> there is , threatening unification by annexation of other territories albania would be bomed immediately if they tried to annex macedonia or would n't they ?
windows 7 does n't work on ryzen so it 's not what you think it is .
it 's hard to order the two of them .
you kicked the aussies out and you still got violence .
low calorie , low carb .
being in your company or in the company of a serb would feel the same to me .
it feels like the clickable area of a champ is herpy derpy .
did you just call me a noob m8 ?
still ca n't fully comprehend it .
yeah the all star game especially , that 's a lot of fucking fun .
you 're still an asshole though
[ removed ]
i think the guys with the japanese flag .
sad ending
they participated in the same or a larger proportion in the german army during ww1 .
that 's fair , but what scares me away from them is when comments like `` i 'd rather have died on the cutting table than live circumcised '' gets like 20 up votes in a thread .
you did that by writing `` people believe that both eu and usa are out to get some kosovo territory ? ''
no , i do n't think contraceptives should be illegal , but i do think women should learn about how dangerous and harmful it can be for their own health .
lol no .
fuck off you wallhacking bunnyhoppibg fuckypfj
dude oda himself said that in an sbs that the magu magu no mi is a superior version of the mera mera no mi.same with the ton ton and kilo kilo.and what do you even mean?these last two fruits have the same purpose and function
i even am a part of the dev team for elder kings , a mod that combines elder scrolls lore with the crusader kings ii engine to bring tamriel into the world of grand strategy ( i also mod / r/elderkings , so come check us out if you want to learn more as well as the paradox plaza forums ! )
> religion was used as nothing more than an self-determination and identity argument .
during the login test , in case the login is incorrect , i only tell the user that the username/password combo is incorrect , even if such username is not found .
who said they do ?
if we work together we could downvote him to submission .
these are some really nice words from you .
thanks a lot it was really useful .
liverpool spend 35 million on caroll 5 years ago ...
for example when you are adc and want to auto enemy laner to poke him but just walk to them instead which makes you loose trades .
so many emotions in such a short time .
furthermore , much of the racism in the balkans has in fact come from ultra-nationalists believe they are a separate [ more pure ] race .
then the people that really want to smoke can smoke , and the people that are just really addicted will be able to quit ?
secondly , the whole team was terrible bar 1-2 players vs those matches , lets not play them either right ?
i 'm not saying he doesnt love his child and care for sakura , but he is selfish .
religion sux
i dunno why they do n't do it now or just allow us to write whatever we want .
the night life in tirana is as alive as anywhere in europe .
still , it always ended with the death of a person he was close to .
sure , posts maybe be higher quality , but a lot of the debate in those science threads were deleted simply because the mods could n't see the relevance of the comment to the post .
macs use intel and what do you means cloud user ?
what happened to ted ?
the user focuses his sight on the object that it wants to teleport into his own private dimension that only he can access .
gee you 're bitter .
does n't raise your rent by using utilities .
probably transferring to another team that never loses .
seemed fitting :d
it means that the user will choose how the launcher will look .
sacchi has retired for like 20 years now .
maybe the leadership changed and they made the wrong decisions .
`` under the bridge '' is the reason i bought a fender jaguar .
check the pcpp build guides .
fuck you your meme is terrible .
the fuck you on about
this is n't some big deal against minorities .
> > lawful good
i usually use it to defend myself .
madara was a name from old legends .
stats do n't tell the whole story .
ismail kadare really is a motherfucking legend.shame he won no noble prize yet .
why not ?
but even then , they are miles away from being like sv .
cleewd disappear , cleewd disappear ...
i 've seen worse pushes in the cl and the bundesliga .
then you find out 15 years later he has become a math professor .
u can still talk like this if u want , it sometimes makes it easier especially when ur texting with 1 hand .
- from albania
at the moment , you want to buy pretty much anything from dunham , trou du diable and obviously , ddc .
until ogl and dx came along .
i need to find another adblocker .
i use bkt .
if i see that spider in my house i would have to move out .
;) see you in a bit
no point renting here , in my opinion
btb and zombies are what 's most popular right now .
for sure thats what i implied when i mentioned bosnia
grid ( custom size ) and list .
we do n't have that issue with you .
having said that , evenings are generally better , and westway sports centre by ladbroke grove is a nice place - not too busy .
so just ult some of the enemy team to their base and go baron gg .
there are not a lot of uzumaki left and those that are still alive are scattered all over the world .
ever heard of that ?
the only thing i think is a pro is that there 's one ( big ) company to target now .
are u trynig to cut the cats leg ?
it 's totally effed up but after a while you get used to it .
they all know my personality and embrace it .
today commies might be pro gay but actual commie countries put gays to prison in albania gays were imprisoned and called american imperialistic spies lol .
when i say nature uses these tools to select , it means natural selection works like this .
it 's not islamophobia in particular , it 's just the way france deals with religion .
do you go out of your way to sign up for everything on the internet ?
qbittorrent built it search bar
is there a reason ?
i gain up to 6 pounds a week before ( my husband pokes my belly and asks when i planned on telling him about the baby . ) .
it 's strange that he was never tried out in that position .
the central asian comics we 've been getting recently ...
they are officially digitizing all film material and making it available to the public .
i also acknowledge the risks involved in .
shout out from another fellow northeast race fan from stafford , ct. . hows the racing at seekonk ?
where is / u/linkfixerbot2 ?
step 5 . profit
you do realize that there were only three emperors for a year until blackbeard took over right ?
msi or asus most likely .
yep , in which case i would suggest you look at 2011-3 .
some have a light bar .
the problem with all this though is that the new environment they created did n't catch up with the consumers as they hoped it will .
racists , alt-right , pro-trumpers etc.
since it 's quite a big change a lot of people will hate it without even trying it .
in conclusion mma is well behind any other sport here , but there are a lot of people that are starting to follow it .
in the early 90 's almost 2/3rds of the country emigrated and the vast majority went to italy or greece .
) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/2fh9cc/all_the_books_from_eso_now_in_the_imperial_library/ ) but also will allow me to finally venture through tamriel with my friends .
when custom ordering , you can do anything afaik since those caps are dyesub , not doubleshot .
i just see that reverting back to the old hokage , one who has experience in 2 wars , leading armies and has held the title of hokage for more than a decade is a much more sound solution as to bringing someone new .
i think soriano is better and quite a bit cheaper .
i do n't belong to any of those groups .
this could work
as for walking dead i 'm planning a marathon at some point .
our language turkic ??
lmao soros was a freaking nazi
and you apparently have none to support your statement .
> but no , fuck that , ** people do n't have time for that .
> an annoying loot based prequest
what are u saying ?
that would be like not accepting into the eu a country that has occupied territory of another eu country .
your answer makes so much sense it makes my brain hurt .
i did not place the names to create some syntactical bias or anything .
i actually gave running it another crack after you posted .
do n't know about him but i 'm air force and currently deployed making 3.5 k a month with barely any monthly expenses .
aaarrggghhh
thanks a lot for the long reply it was really helpful .
being from the balkans , and living in parma i can safely say italy 's role has been abysmally incompetent and can amount mostly to kissing putin 's butthole , especially now with mogherini and her husband .
msg obviously .
i laugh at jokes about dead deer but if i were to hit one , or in fact if a deer were to magically appear 3 feet in front of my car i would be mad at myself for killing something that 's not doing anything to me .
if you have any questions about second year chemistry courses , feel free to pm me !
who knows ...
and where 's that dwp guy ?
yupp , pretty bad ...
and how did you connect the psu to gpu ?
they have one of the best 203k servicing departments .
crooked .
italian football , and juve , have a long way to go .
windows 10 is my main os ... never used arch .
get a board with h chip .
| total ( before mail-in rebates ) | $ 1883.72
what 's the point in asking others how you should build your char in a rpg ?
[ wikipedia for the lazy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_war_museum_north )
how do you get mugged in times square ?
but the most cruel part in that book is hawkeye 's storyline .
* also , in first-world countries , patterns can arise where rural areas are actually more affluent that urban areas .
it could be both .
lots of people did want a non-european pope , and they did get one - but you 're right he 's of italian descent anyways .
it 's rare to find an old armenian song in which the difference between first and second tone is a half-step ; it 's usually a whole step , just like in regular minor keys .
i draw the line for territories that are not armenian majority anymore , because knows what happens if you tell a bunch of azeris and armenians that they are sharing a nation and expect them not to start killing each other .
they wanted to make sure .
in that case the church is no doubt okay with it .
now you 're trolling .
made by street artist [ stik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stik ) , the `` big mother '' mural was painted onto the 1967 charles hocking tower block in south acton estate .
367 's have a decent amount more of range .
obviously this idea is n't completely fleshed out and there is a better alternative .
edit : grammar
`` apologizes '' bleh .
if you do upgrade those however , your gun should be fantastic !
and does n't really leave much to do story-wise
thank god mkhitaryan ca n't hit the target at all tonight because arteta is being humiliated here .
imagine you were a baby and you dueled another baby with old legion aghs that would be traumatic
real sword is reinforced to jesus , tm is build under weaker stresses but to last nonetheless .
ones that i 'll always stick with for a very long time .
so should we hate russians ?
or is that not really possible .
how fast are we talking ?
`` please do n't nerf me ''
haha brilliant .
better than teaching on the first day .
dae morphling evaporate from fire atak ??
it can be 100 % women participants for all i care , but once you set the protests against trump up as being on behalf of women , you 've lost legitimacy because , as i pointed out , as much as 54 % of women ( controlling for race ) voted for trump , not to mention the countless women who did n't show up at all to vote against an outright misogynist .
the goty version came out a year ago and includes both dlc alongside the game .
are they proud that lenin was chuvash ?
when rvp is playing , rooney has to be played in # 10 , which pushes both kagawa and mata out of position .
everything looks amazing man !
heavily outnumbered , he defended the faith against the persians and died in battle .
you do know that today is hitler 's birthday right ?
prayer is worse than internet activism
so i did some research and it seems like the first kurdish tribes settled there only in 16th century .
if you want to discuss and find out if this quote was actually by lincoln , see / r/abrahamlincoln and / r/quotes
i think you realistically want someone with speed in the slot / someone who can make yardage after the catch ( so pick and choose between who you want that has the best of both ) .
in any case , the villagers can show you the trailhead .
indoor pools are great !
armenians are descendants of the hittite / urartu people
i only found 2 , the mcc faq and the halo 5 faq , neither of which have the dl .
as someone from the uk , bp gives you nectar points .
it was n't until i went to university that i changed my mind .
if you find that somone voted for you , or a dead relative is even listed as a voter contact the police and the observers .
this is n't about being or feeling armenian , it 's about assimilation and the charge that hayastancis are not assimilating fast enough and making the vatever-hye 's look bad .
elliott looks like he only has hair on the top of his head lol
well , the reason i say this example is to show which person can contribute more to society and not be a burden on the welfare system .
then ie freezes !
therefor , real sword had to redesign the gearbox from scratch , working to get one to fit the different scaled real steel gun .
but i 'm yet to taste a lahmajun that can top the ones at sassoun bakery in little armenia , hollywood .
no problems at all ... we love aliens !
i do n't think he 'll do much man .
core i5 at least , preferably i7 with fast processing power .
oh yeah shit , i was gon na say eastern poland but i forgot about belarus
basically how i see all redditors
mogul `` the tornado '' khan
or be on mars , mass immigration will happen soon
personally though i do n't care .
only thing holding him from signing is that he wants a lucrative long term deal which moratti does n't want to give atm
** battle score : ** ( 7 +8 +2 +7 +2 ) + 8 + 2 - 0 = 36
someone should try this and post lol .
the people selling the food were still there .
that gear then turns the three inside the gearbox , with the last gear , known as the sector , pulling back the piston and spring .
to me , you have to be really naive to think that kremlin might release stuff like that occasionally , so yeah -- i 'm calling it fake .
e :d looks sweet , but personally i 'm hoping `` infinity : quest for earth '' gets made one day .
i think you should just read the information and link , so you 'll know more .
motor tabs are incredibly brittle as well , and will fall apart when installing / removing the motor ( spent many hours crying over this ) .
mandatory last names became a thing in 1930s , but people ( especially armenians ) had last names waaaay before that .
i get some work done on sundays , whether i do it from home , or go to the office , i try to get some things cleared on sunday .
uh , no .
there 's not much to disagree with what you 've said although i 'd say he raised a fair point about breivik 's portrayal in media .
`` ** and i ca n't go into the particulars , but there is more than circumstantial evidence now ** . ''
you 're mistaking bernie continuing his campaign to force platform concessions with bernie running to win .
i will suggest my fav one ...
i 'm dying of laughter , thank you .
i believe .
> a ) accomplishes nothing ( to stop the holocaust or save lives )
on the other hand , dzeko 's hold-up pales in comparison to lewandowski and he 's already 28 .
your number is right on for a worst case scenario where rockies win every single game ( including those against the dodgers ) .
forget it .
revise last year 's tariffs for further reduction .
i agree with you 100 % .
###### breakdown by sectors
> why would he be looking at the girl if he 's trying to get away , faggot
if i get saudi arabia , i would definitely send financial aid your way .
if a zone linebacker sits on the angle , remember , there 's a seam route being run by the te that 's going to kill you for 20 yards .
i dismiss them as unreliable because these are the same sites that have reported on the invention of the gif in 2012 .
* ** mkhitaryan : ** visibly exhausted but at the same very poor going forward .
now , it 's our time .
i actually like the simplistic ones .
civilnet : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpntqtjg56m
absolute boss game
man is that a lot of replies ...
do n't buy that
curse you , ucla !
usually online gaming . ''
abkhazia is clearly a sovereign state , as recognized by russia and other nations .
no no , you 're entirely correct .
* the conservatives are your typical centre-right party .
it gave me a hunger for understanding ancient cultures , and a passion for history i never knew i had .
its funny until the joke is against them huh .
idk wtf that white thing is
ah , sooner or later greek air space will be .
so russia does n't like the ones that are easy to get ?
use a chaoli 22 tpa motor .
hilarious , / r/russia finally has its very own sjw troll .
reminds me of van persie vs everton last season
/ soviet union
and totally agree with the android comparison lol .
it irked me something fierce .
its not only an issue for armenians but an issue for the world and international community .
i like being informed but i ca n't stand all the hate being spewed on worldnews
he is a very capable lb , and some of our best performances on defense came when he was substituting for willis .
look at turkey with the fake coup .
the older i get the less i have in common with my old high school friends , that was also getting to me .
least * perceived * corruption .
the video says that it did demand a full pay off once , years ago , and that armenia had to get the money from elsewhere ( do n't remember the details sorry , watched the video days ago ) .
weird guy .
information that is relevant to the application .
some highlights from this though are that it 's claiming that people in north syria are against the federalization plans of the pyd by linking two sources from a syrian website , one was a kurdish nationalist group saying they reject , based on the grounds that they you know want to create an outright kurdish nation state , and another was from some obscure group that i ca n't find anything else about .
but the fact that at the moment georgia 's economy is performing better means that * we * are doing something wrong .
i 'm reporting / u/officeoflntegrity to the real / u/officeofintegrity !
> based off observations many people have made when looking at france and sweden , most immigrants from completely foreign cultures can not integrate in an appropriate time period .
as you all know ( or will discover ) , this is the thread where the community 's generous techs help out with whatever problems you may find yourself in .
well , seeing as to how lonex is pretty much out of stock everywhere , shs is just as good if not better .
great job !
lol ok . you have bullshit statistics to justify your own prejudices .
* ( iihf ) world championships -- ( best forward ) 2005
right , sorry :) i watched only the beginning of the video it said ձայն լեռներից as a performer .
the only difference is that the russians were caught in this case , but does n't mean the other 's do n't do that .
cameron 's more of a one-nationist .
it is flawed though .
philosophy is n't fiction or nonfiction .
it 's all about the entropy , baby
it is no secret that azerbaijan and turkey imposed blockade on nagorno-karabakh and the republic of armenia from the outset of the conflict .
oh i see , would this be something that you 'd ever do with your kids ?
clean potable water .
problem is , it 's less about the `` turk '' part but more about the fact that the term refers to the government that massacred armenians - if you are armenian yourself .
also check out 9/11 and the day the nuke was dropped on japan .
man you go to west la you better find yourself a jewish friend to stick with and do it fast , this is where israeli 's come to get in touch with their jewish roots .
but wait , theres more !
thomas de waal , an expert revered by both armenians and azerbaijanis , has repeatedly asserted that the ethnic conflict is quite symmetrical .
levon barseghyan 's facebook page https://www.facebook.com/levon.barseghyan
( 20 year old internet memes are original enough for me )
i also wondered .
i really like this idea .
this is the opposite thing that we need , especially after last years mass shootings .
sharp observation .
am i the only one that should say repost ?
most also have raised their prices during that week .
the diaspora is because of the genocide .
i killed a spider
i assume the text links to the punchline ?
\ > crying
it 's how do you * raise the level of average * engineers to the point that being average is * good * .
just get the u.s. send us $ 3b per year in grant aid for the next 50 years , and we 'll be the next israel .
worse .
it also penalized foreign countries for trading medical supplies with cuba .
while the gameplay mechanics do n't drastically change , the biggest changes can be found in * going commando * ( ps2 ) and * a crack in time * ( ps3 ) which are really enough in and of itself to keep you entertained if the gameplay gets stale ( which i have n't experienced after doing a few playthroughs of the series ) .
kagawa may have to play wide , or mkhitaryan can play wide .
ill leave some of it out and state the simplest answer .
lol the azeri video sounds like they got a crew to scour reddit/youtube comments by azeris about the war , and to compile each statement into a speech voiced by a posh briton .
oh well mb
yes , obama never went over to libya , hurled a spear onto libyan soil , and then claimed the land as his own .
do you have any friends who enjoy football ?
hell , i 'm american and i find myself agreeing with you .
public interest is slightly more for teams in regions ( shirak and gandzasar ) , but as far as i know gandzasar 's stadium got disqualified and they are forced to play in yerevan as well .
where can i get me one of them pale pink crew neck sweatshirts ?
actually um ... his name is marshall .
for less central and less nice , prices are of course lower .
it must have been an accident .
as long as the british are interfering in middle eastern conflicts , participating in bombing campaigns , or raids , help set up dictators , etc , there will always be a sentiment for revenge among people in the middle east .
also , the music is a huge part of it as well .
please note that i have turkish , kurdish and zaza friends and would prefer them to live in peace .
shut the fuck up .
nazis and marxist leninists , would n't tear each other 's throats the moment they laid eyes on each other .
it 's way more complicated than that .
russia also has bad corruption , and has what would be called `` authoritarian capitalism '' .
a more balanced , reformed alliance could work much more efficiently .
and the ones in the west might be apathetic as fuck , but they do not want another genocide .
the report does n't mention anything beyond `` closer commercial ties '' , which is not a good sign .
it 's been like this in media even before 1776
i think it may just be the physicality of the premier league .
which one is promoting peace and which one does not .
the only reason why he 's throwing things like this out is because the armenian ultras group and many other fans are calling for his resignation as president , so he 's doing what he can to cover his ass .
despite his injury , he 's had a good season for rsl , no ?
/ r/shareafap
still not over the rapist/prisoner who pinned his testicles on the wooden plank though , that may haunt me for a long time .
rodgers has something to say about that
the backlash the order is receiving is highlighting a change in attitude towards prioritising experiences over the technical .
oh it 's all good !
the issue here is that the situation is reversed - the islamic empire , in its earlier days , was a conduit of science and art .
pkk being smuggled through rojava was a good point , i actually had n't thought of that .
well they sure do n't love my ears
my mom said this to me as a child
> there are informations that that fucking muslim terrorists raped a 70-80 year old armenian woman who didnt fleed to latakia
i do n't think that 's going to help your situation ... unless your man likes to be bossed around : s
you 're a great looking mountain .
when i was a kid i had horrible asthma .
if the pollution does n't kill you , the [ police state will .
did you mean [ * / webmasters * ] ( http://www.google.com/webmasters/ ) ?
that street was closed off monday morning so i 'm assuming that 's when they started filming .
by doing nothing , we let them jeopardize the impact the movie could have had .
that , and they 're on the wrong side of 30 and i do n't see how they would work in mazzarri 's system .
combined
but there 's a big chance ( if you 're an armenian born in armenia ) that you are a citizen already.many people do n't know it to their surprise .
the man loves his country and thinks it is the best .
i think you have a huge misunderstanding as to what is actually happening with this motion .
all of the armenian population are expelled , some massacred .
it 's when you ** do n't ** `` accept '' homosexuality that it becomes a problem .
> i do know that i 've seen the dh used to destroy a sentry at long range .
we are extremely happy that cyprus has been able to reunify , and looks forward to continuing our extremely close relations .
perhaps the armenian restaurant owners are armenians from persia ?
well , you 're not going to get anything suggesting otherwise on this subreddit haha .
please .
all societies are corrupt to some degree , but some are way more corrupt than others .
things like geopolitics and strategy would be a bigger factor in the decision .
right now i ca n't give a detailed plan on how to solve terrorist attacks , but i do fear that the problems lie in a number of faults within western governments themselves -- spanning from reckless immigration policies , to completely inadequate integration policies -- which i believe are connected to the erosion of european national cultures through multiculturalism , in itself another fault -- to imperialistic military interventions all over the world ( and especially in these terrorists ' countries , ethnic homelands , or perceived religious lands ) .
when my neighbors apartment ( attached directly to ours ) caught fire , i , after filling a laundry basket full of our most expensive belongings , ran down the stairs ( outdoors ) and saw a baggy of what i think was either crack or meth - complete with a razor blade and everything .
im in keep me posted :)
why 's that the case ?
as stephen hawking said ( before the thor stuff came up ) , `` you do n't shout in the jungle '' .
special forces subdivision of defense army has located and eliminated a rival diversion and intelligence group nearby levonarkh village in nkr , which retreated , leaving the dead behind .
how do you feel now , muslims ?
the best the grads can do is become walmart cashiers ...
head of tv stations are not beaten and forced to resign under physical threats in armenia .
fuck russia , fuck ukraine , fuck the west .
addition # 2 - i of course forgot to mention ihor kolomoskyi , a pro-western israeli-ukrainian oligarch with strong financial ties and links to america 's executive branch and the eu , has been funding yulia tymoshenko and her clique since 2004 .
for disagreeing with your claim ?
keep in mind you are the poorest country in the world ( or in the bottom 5 , if i recall correctly ) .
montana responded by running all over them ( setting what was a record at the time for most rushing yards by a qb in a sb , iirc ) .
not cool holy see , not cool .
try another one before doing this .
central asia had it worse and the rest were in the middle .
the only thing that concerns me regarding luiz is that he is n't as solid at the back at cahill is .
it became my passion , but i rejected it because i still had the thought of becoming a doctor .
i think he 's talking out of his arse :p
you mean like everyone who 's ever been prescribed antibiotics has done ?
reminds me of the time i built an university , hired a foreign professor and he started a one-man revolution after teaching for 5 minutes .
if someone steals 50 $ from you you may not settle it when the fee gets higher than that .
[ guess where i 'm from ... ] ( https://imgur.com/7dms9td )
ok i now understand what exactly you meant and thus understand that i was wrong
i can finally buy physical products from the us store and do n't have to care about my own countries pitiful offering ?
since the civil war there has n't been a war in the country .
they should n't .
( my last game )
upvote for the teacher calling it `` muslim torture '' since
picking leaders is quite possibly humanities worst skill .
the gun completely wrecks the game , there is no explanation that would n't make valve look like fucking idiots for releasing this gun .
> i pay out the nose for a good internet connection to prevent this sort of crap from happening !
thanks kind stranger , being austrian i must say though , lauda is the man when we are talking racing here , but still he sometimes says some dumb or at least controversial stuff that i do n't always agree with .
very nice .
[ nope .
thanks for all the advice .
( except universities this is one of the few things the us are still better )
- http://themetapicture.com/media/funny-weird-japanese-invention-mouth-opener.jpg
names ( and preferably links ) please
besides that , probably either a new au ( depends on wether ibo finishes or not with this season .
just looks perfect to me .
for me it was rogue one .
this shows me that at least one player cares .
mark 's getting more and more twisted and i could see him doing something really fucked up that he ca n't walk away from .
kevin takes nuris part , marco central midfield .
but do n't let her achievement intimidate or stop you from dancing your dance .
type | item | price
now , late game if you 're a 6 - or 5-slotted am split-pushing and meepo tps back alone to deal with you tp ` ing back might save your arse again ( if you have linkens to block the hex ) .
currently we have flap , mflap and µflap
[ you ca n't imagine ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/10895239/greece-sues-for-7-billion-euros-over-german-submarines-that-have-never-sailed.html )
tolling for the aching whose wounds can not be nursed
so maybe it was only due to uormones , that let her become more comfortable with our presence .
* happy cmving !
... and modern archive creating software can do that for you as well .
no way , man !
you mean monkies , op ?
if it does help you think of it as 3dhelp . com
so , i live in a pretty rural area in austria ( innviertel ) , border to bavaria .
the core elements of a games story does n't remove the type of game it can be .
mhm , that was a lovely drive .
most now well known czech beers were n't even founded by czechs , but austrians/bohemian germans .
the thing about hiv is : the respective study was extremely flawed .
and you get another one by hovering over the title .
to compose , i prefer the good old sheet of paper combined with a pencil and my piano .
well that doesnt win games does it ?
つ ◕ _ ◕ つ vote racegod
you sure he 's your guy ?
a long , long time ( 20 + years ) ago i read that the reason was that halflings not only lack the patience , discipline , and mental focus necessary to study the arcane arts , but also any serious interest and ambition to do so .
that 's sure to raise some eyebrows .
if you do n't think that 's intolerant then i find that very concerning .
and that , my dear reddit , is why several countries have laws regulating what you can and ca n't name your child .
** notice ** : from episode 4 onwards , all episodes will have after-credit scenes .
the reason this stuff exists is that people tend to apply for several internships at once and it gets frustrating after a while to go to companies , push them to do interviews and selection often much faster than they are used to only to have the winning candidate already sign up elsewhere in the meantime .
the alt-fomo they never knew they had will hit them like lightning .
implying any of those designs were actually from qataris .
but why sit so far back that it fills your fov not more than a regular tv would from your living room couch ?
if your team can heal you and pick off butcher he wasted his ult and died in the process
do it .
he reminds me of christian bale ... maybe a brother ?
could n't agree more !
no police on earth can indict people ( at least not in developed legal systems ) .
oh , you are a stubborn one .
succinctly
god dammit
you could of try to piss grammer nazis of , that might just do teh trick when anythign else fail 's .
if this time something happens i 'll consider the first best habsburg-descendant i hear from as the new kaiser , fuck it .
reddit , i thought you where better than this .
- clearly a rapist .
i 'm personally contributing oss to the world , i do n't accept paying for such compilations .
so much for `` no sub fee and no gear treadmill means you can take breaks and come back whenever you want '' .
and almost everyone who has really expensive stuff bought it when it was in concept with lti .
* register for social security
so scotus decisions regarding the press ?
economics , geopolitics , environmental science , and humanitarian sciences .
> there will be no end if the crime equates the punishment
it 's logical to assume that the conscience in my unconscious may have caused it .
jon and kate divided by 8
having daily pledges of allegiance by young children who do n't understand that and shaming people into observing the national anthem the right way are ... weird .
try the city , you might have better luck .
media outlets reporting on the situation is not a statement of `` we are anti gamergate . ''
nichijou is the best comedy anime i 've ever seen , and the most well animated one .
particularlly ingnorant post on your part .
one issue is that the more choices you offer , the * less * likely someone is to donate .
post it .
phoenix
even as a learning exercise you would implement a strtol inspired function .
not that i care .
it 's not hard .
[ spacedock ] ( http://spacedock.info/mod/79/bdarmory )
austria : there 's no mandatory surrender age .
> the rails are also nonsense .
yeah , pretty much kha ` zix .
and then launch into a tirade on the sexism inherent in sending men and boys to die in battle and mineshafts ...
she hot
nice , german is supposedly a very difficult language to learn .
> same in the netherlands , except for the swedish part , that would be dutch over here .
oh no , blowing up tri ogres is where the fun is at .
cast sidisi , exploit sidisi , tutor for gisa and geralf , cast sidisi from gy , exploit sidisi , tutor for value , rinse and repeat .
are n't we a banana republic already since '99 tho ?
yep , no need to install flash anymore !
please do n't insult people even if you disagree with them .
is n't that exactly what kurz wants ?
so looga boaroog is in carwood in lycestershire ?
i am surlrised that you do n't see how hurtful this must be for him .
what up-and-coming players will make it to the top ?
i 'm too much of a hedonist for that .
i appreciate that about religion , there is n't anything that 's able to do that .
emotion = hate ''
i do n't think that there 's a `` one true religion '' - thing going on in the asoiaf-universe .
a tall man does n't have to care about how tall a woman is ( considering she 's not a lot taller than him ) .
this is a question of definition .
she got a husband , an adult daughter and does n't exactly have the same `` dark & dirty '' vibe as narcissa and bellatrix .
i mean , you do remember [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f1qt2u7.jpg ) , do n't you ?
i am an md but i am not a psychiatrist .
... there are many free games out there with more features than triple a games , just no one cares about them because they are , well , free
the last problem is of course : who complains about cultural appropriation ?
this crystals have different forms in different metals so the behaviors varies .
good , pitiful lying rodents getting justice 70 years late
critical articles soon started to dominate the newspapers , and canadi 's abrasive attitude towards journalists did n't help either .
german and austrian greens are crazy left for the most part .
* [ solsagan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkvwa__fk9g )
this is a social problem .
i 'd prefer my wife to take my name , since traditionally the wife joins the family of her husband , though it would n't be a dealbreaker if she did n't .
it 's about 350 $ for a month of supps , since theyre always doing discounts and sales
no , but you can say from where the rocket was fired .
> the british navy ships and british transport ships ?
certain left-wing scholars , most prominently eva cockcroft , have argued that the u.s. government and wealthy elite embraced pollock and abstract expressionism to place the united states in the forefront of global art and devalue socialist realism .
and he still is n't throwing but cancelling the match ...
2013 and/or less than 10,000 last.fm listeners :
but do n't keep 'em on mt.
olga trifonova ) and by many pole competitions being pole sport/fitness competitions where stripping , intimate touching and high heels are forbidden .
was looking through your playlist , did n't think of anything bad , and suddenly i saw [ `` donald trump 's tweets as an early 2000s emo song '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=copdk_ji6di&amp;list=plxndqjw4omrm7_siwwycvei87trrbrj-q&amp;index=57 ) lol
i was already afraid not having a terror attack 1 day .
have you tagged as `` samus girl '' now .
were you behind militarily ?
austria is already in a weakened state .
oh that too , totally forgot that .
** ephemeral phantasia ** .
if ice cream only melts in the us than the assumption that americans are doing something wrong is quite safe .
that is not what free market means .
shows such as wing which do n't take place in uc ( different gundam universes are identified based on their calendar .
i can see the headlines and the sadly screeching leftists already .
important conductor tracks within the chip break .
mhm i do get quite a lot of foot rubs ... :)
one down , one to go .
mirror ?
they 're probably available * somewhere * ...
i 'm really asking myself :
oh so devolver actually does want my money !
your girlfriend seems pretty excited there : , )
i always wondered where to get it .
look for these channels : ard ; zdf , 3sat , phoenix , ardalpha .
nomos club automat , dark dial , brown shell cordovan strap w red stitching .
and it is alright to fucking say that .
that means that she would be a 28c or 26d in other brands which do n't make those sizes .
when/if you get married ?
if it is just slightly and in some parts , i 'd do it by ear , automating some pitch shift plugin .
you mean `` pg-13 '' 'd it up for broader audience ?
found this script via google search :
this would explain the low winrate
** edit : fox-body mustang seems to meet the criteria , thanks **
> and that girls ( and boys ) need to take some responsibility for their appearance when relating to others .
> but the idea that someone could n't freely carry booze on the streets is ridiculous .
> we 're not even that close
the teams above us have huge quality in terms of where they are at and finances .
that being said , i * am * very grateful to you for typesetting this , so sorry i sound angry or anything .
i also hope they do n't fall into the trap of letting double take lucian into a mid/long range team fight mage either .
lots of sub-mods available for a better , personal experience .
they removed records of billions in transfers from russia to assad in the syria leaks .
how was it hijacked by flask ?
that 's the whole point of sharing opinions .
> ... `` and an envoy you shall leave , '' renly said , `` but wiser than you came .
-- but i always do exactly that and it always works out ok . also , almost always such a group consists of at least one person who will feel similar to you ( not a kind of big group person ) , and you 'll notice soon enough -- he/she wo n't talk a lot during the group conversation .
her name is tarina and she is an elven slave hunter .
there is no cap on the token price .
that would be immoral , would n't it ?
what do we need ?
* is it * oxygen os * or * oxygenos * ?
what we have n't looked into though is that those are the total numbers of troops .
let 's not go overboard here .
i think the powershell is n't too bad .
i ca n't remember , but some of the things in that game ( for example gold medals piloting ) took hours and put me in a foul mood if i could n't finish them .
super grand champion of the universe , plz .
people are getting poorer .
complete and utterly braindead idiots .
i hope they did n't mean to imply that only boys should drive and girls ca n't .
have to choose a different name though .
just uhh ... do n't give up yet , yeah ?
the short slow down you get when you get hit in cs is also not inherently unbalancing .
how did you think people would react to you taking this as a cornerstone of german culture ?
if that is your idea of the euro not only germany would leave but also netherlands , france , austria , estonia , belgium , slovakia , ... on the plus side the ecb would be moved to athens and greece would have 100 % control over it , being the sole member !
our tent neighbors on a open air left 1 day before the festival ended , and we were running out of beer .
awesome helmet , 10/10 would buy again .
i 'm not sure but maybe it would look better if the foreground would have any detail .
loved being able to pick up full chests to move my base .
so it has happened about 50 to 100 times to you .
galton was a scientific pioneer on things like applied statistics ; even though he also worked on stuff that is nowadays unpalatable or debunked .
debt is n't free at least most of the time .
it 's completely dependent on individual circumstances or member state arrangements .
jumping mechanics have different skill gaps in both games and there are more or less crazy/useful skilljumps in both games .
ah fuck , my understanding of the english language fooled me .
( do you want to drink something ? )
and believe it or not , we did not all just wage wars against each other all the time until we joined the club .
during the prague spring the ambassador of austria in prague issued visa for austria for basically anybody who wanted to , which enabled more than 160.000 czechoslovakian people to flee to austria ( although not even a tenth of them decided to stay in austria permanently ) .
i do n't think a manned mission 2024 is realistic .
looks like something straight outa metro .
until webber crossed the line and his time was pink :-d .
of course they do .
since patch 22 hit , i 've lost almost all my motivation to really play paladins at all .
this is different to gaming , in gaming you need the instant response of the game , and if your pc ca n't handle to render it in the instant , the quality goes down .
a friend of a friend had a rental cello that he was paying towards , so basically you can get a decent cello with a payment plan .
there is a wtf mode in dota2 ... not a `` official '' game mode but its there .
they said they would decrease the drop chance of merc motif pages .
bruiser top lane fizz is dead , thank god .
horribly written , this .
if anything you should want obsidian to make it without time constraints by bethesda .
the same goes for walking/driving/riding a certain distance imo , because once you travelled it once , you know what to expect and you already know the route .
i love this style of wood flooring , it 's very common here in austria in high end buildings/apartments .
arent those two champs nerfed to hell ?
he took pictures of the 16-year-old daughter of a friend of his and some of them were ... really right on , they showed everything .
> the word gender is not from a niger congo language it is from latin .
they 're not the representation of all things evil .
delt raises for dem juicy delts ... doors hate him
now i 've been having the same running tune for five days straight ( or gay ?
but newtype amuro would beat the crap out of them
holy shit you guys are awesome .
sorry , but why should anyone not that into trading and making money with the game care about upsets in the market ?
if you lose against the top teams and only beat the mediocre/bad teams you 're not tilting , you 're just not a top team .
a usual business strategy in the software industry .
super-fast edit : [ the ex & brass unbound ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jnmwtvbws4 ) are a great example from this year , a dutch post punk group teaming up with a bunch of internationally acclaimed brass players from free jazz and other styles .
as for me , i think dark souls ( 1 ) is way better than bloodborne .
everyone made the same path as you and it just takes a while .
but if you look closely at actor systems , it turns out that there 's no way to control how far the effects of the message i 'm about to send are going to reach !
no you do n't .
but because the meaning is not documented in the bible it 's all high subjective that 's why everyone can come up with his own conclusion that fits that one person best .
correct .
i grew up in a rural area where everybody has a car and i was used to drive manual .
on the other hand , on a cloudy day things would be different .
but mine 's still a wip so anything can happen .
i also use this in small pockets in the midfield when my cdms get double teamed .
wtf was that timeout about ???
my man mahmoud !
well , even if you kill every last person on the entire island you can still complete the main quest .
besides , the current patch has had several sub-patches that would nerf op heroes and buff weaker ones .
vancouver while nice is very expensive , also it is known for its mega low comperative salaries for it professionals .
that 's what i need help with , but thank you anyways :)
me too , i 'm not on the whine train .
i can go on for days about it , but as i 've said , it 's subjective .
** does .
if they can pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to players all over the world , from canada , to russia to china/south korea for attending ti5 and placing anywhere between last and first place then i 'm sure it 'd be no problem for them to pay you .
inspires me to move on in life knowing shit will happen but you 've got to move on and know there will be sacrifices ; diessiosions we 'll make and have to live with even if they 're regrettable .
teams that stomp 4-0 surely do n't need sweat and stress over fifth game that does n't even matter .
my thoughts exactly
30-60 minutes before the first match
well you should use the same logic for your car .
if i could , i 'd give you more upvotes
only nomad .
it would be better if the us and the eu first started applying these holy values to themselves .
> the largest muslim country in the world vows to protect the buddhist temple .
i would n't argue against such a creation of a state at all .
> the gene pool is stagnant and i am administering chlorine .
her feigned disgust dissipated instantaneously upon opening of the door .
delusions are literally the only thing you have .
simply not good enough .
> hell , there are many wwe guys who have huge dicks .
got ta love these mods that did n't do shit for so long , and let the sub get where it got , but then they have the nerve to jump in and give you shit about something .
sydney , i just want to give you a big hug .
it does not receive any other kind of updates though .
they had them on the bottom before they were 3.5 mm jacks but then they were either on the side or at the top
okay relax , i unbanned it for you !
he refused and left .
use it on both pc and phone and works really well .
ill just keep reading them on here when someone posts i guess
i always wondered what 's that other instrument playing that sweet sound in the solo , i ca n't figure out which one is it
but they are n't used by the army .
moding in vic2 is very easy just mod it .
it 's really simple to try it out yourself , and i would love to hear some feedback !
i just dont know what to write about .
learned english from tv ( music and cartoons ) , and german ` cos i lived in germany for two years - so besides tv , i had people talking german around me and i learned it within a month .
> does it make you uncomfortable talking about war crimes that the glorious serb army committed .
what do you mean can you die when you exit the game ?
whatever man , whatever .
there are still some interesting ones like the one about becoming a sex god ( which was really just about quitting porn ) , or the ones about effective learning strategies .
if he is mentally ill , and that makes him viable to commit crimes then he should separate himself from society by placing himself in a mental institution .
basically good vs heroes that cast a lot
to be fair this is talking about us based laws .
yeah , the bosniaks killed them all with their bare teeth , amirite ?
basically a compilation of all the good mods you find on workshop , be it for ets2/ats . . once per week
dude , learn your memes .
this is why i dont feel like playing subway surfers on my iphone 5s , i lost everything i did on my ipod touch . .
i always associated these two together .
ha , sexual harassment panda reference
when did this sub get an influx of hoodrats ?
i vote for no major changes .
2014 : snsd 33 % , sds 27 % .
7/10 should add disable infamy and coalitions .
israel alone is more then enough to deal with any danger to its air control , and they were quite ready to intervene when it came to advanced anti aircraft weaponry falling in to the wrong hands .
new items
i know this comment could potentially be a karma suicide , but i am ready to commit that suicide .
no one tells you to go into their own pussy unless it 's your mom swearing at you .
no , not part of nato .
## organized by beyondthesummit
good one son
actually , yeah .
the russian mantra that there is no syria without assad does n't just tie assad to russians , it also ties russians to assad .
this would be similar to the battle of watling street , where an army of 10 thousand romans anihilated a british army of 80 000-200 000 soldiers .
you fucked it * all * up !
one of these days i might have to compile a list of all the games that i have played , and also the ones that i still want to play before my ps2 dies completely .
when i hear westerners talking all wide eyed about russian aggression , and the gross violations of the international law , i ca n't help but think that they are just taking the piss .
how are you supposed to take a chance now when there is no competition , all your promos are word for word written for you ?
let those drums breathe , man .
the way crowds everywhere sing it along with noel is giving me chills everytime
get your shit right .
i hope we will see more expansions for gw2 .
try turning off anti aliasing that 's how i got it working .
at that point , he switched places with the guy riding shotgun .
hellraisers did n't change their roster after the lock , they 're available . .
can you define truth ?
the reason for his success is natural ability .
future is too high also , makes no sense , it 's their opinion but still .
gw2 subreddit is the most whining subreddit ever .
that 's it .
when win 10 booted everything was where it should be so just to be clear , there 's about 5 gigs of photos and it would take a week or more to upload them all on mega ( pity my 50kb/s upload ) , should i worry about losing anything ?
did you seriously consider deloading to 135 ?
it 's a damn shame most of the younger people will never experience it .
i do n't understand how people massacre the pronunciation so badly .
no matter what artist .
theres a few people who are n't mods but have access to the account / bot
as opposed to `` we are going to kill this guy in this building '' and then ( immorally ) write off any innocents who were also in the building .
get the fuck off of reddit you shit-stirrer
tf seems like a waste of gold , i find myself going brut into tanky items most of the time .
i always loved that guy.he was so awesome .
sometimes people also use the term fire tornado , but that technically refers to a slightly different phenomenon .
france : saint-etienne ( or nice )
but i 'm not a historian , remember .
medium / hard
you may scare her away .
lets leave it at that .
they do n't have any ( none that i 've heard of ) ongoing military conflicts there that could push them towards extremism ( like it seems to be the case in palestine and nigeria ) .
no , savior remy !
is because he is lowborn .
this happens because in the aftermath of radical change , i.e.
it 's a bit too ... responsive ?
oi , it 's been 3 hours , lad !
at least he can shitpost on reddit in 5 different languages
i just figured after a month there may be some change .
that 's how i currently measure my weight .
it 's my favorite all time animated movie and everyone i show it to really likes it but most people have never even heard of it .
it rests on the fact that 1-1 +1 -1 + ... = 1/2 which is a controversial answer because for a series to converge the limit of the general form which is ( -1 ) ^ n in this case as n - > infinity needs to equal 0 .
if that makes sense .
most egyptians today are the same as the ancient egyptians , not arabians from the peninsula .
they did not need a court ruling for that before , they do n't need it now .
this brigade is one of the units involved in the destruction of the ukrainian forces in the southern cauldron and lugansk airport .
let them pay their fair share in taxes , like the rest of us .
for one , the bosniak and croatian population in republika srpska was displaced by genocide .
n0tail is a free agent for now
> normaldayin-network .
2 weeks later , i ran the 10k in 49:06 , 7:54 / mile .
ya it says on the website `` smash run is a 3ds-exclusive mode '' would have loved to see it in hd : /
i know it wo n't stop them but it should make these attempts at silencing the russians and spilling the russophobic circlejerk from / r/europe and / r/ukrainianconflict to their own sub just a bit harder .
however , russians are already down there and they 're fighting alongside assad .
there is literally zero evidence of ukrainian propaganda claims .
well he 's not wrong .
it 's from your cc multi that i copied a while ago .
-- allstar - november 1997
** they know us , they 're here .
because we have video now
he is probably the biggest flaw this series has .
apparently , he likes to party a lot .
google them up and listen to them .
around 270-280 euros
absolutely a team that a player of vidal 's quality should be playing for .
i 'm not saying any of this to shit on the original film , which is a near-perfect movie in which just about everything works , just to demonstrate my point that those plot convienances and rather amazing coincidences are there .
actually , one of the chinese teams could n't come to the tournament because of visa issues and had to be replaced
some stuff , that is unacceptable in today 's western world , written in quran , is widely ignored by majority of bosnian muslims .
i 'm not american by birth , but i live here .
what , sons ca n't be cute ?
what changed ?
both are injury prone , and both are suited as slot receivers , had thomas not ruptured his achilles down in ga , he would have been our # 2 with royal and decker in the slot .
takes over 20 minutes to fade poland -- you 're not england , after all .
yeah i love ahmed.amazing dude .
does n't matter if your band is old a week or 5 years , or if you and your bandmates are 10 or 20 .
bosnia win israel lose = i 'll let you think about that one
> and i 'd put more faith in professional armed force pulling it off than some militia .
this is a match between the two best butts in tennis .
sometimes , if i play a certain game too much i have strange dreams of shuffling through inventory , or trying to press a button to do something in real life .
foo fighters ( aka the self titled album )
[ soundtrack for this post ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j51lplp-s9o )
this is truly shitly beautiful , really great comic op .
welfare has shown time and time again to increase generational poverty .
he will be peer pressured and made fun of for doing that .
the article in the body of the post is about rick eid
results will be out whenever the japanese ones are as well .
is there a link to this , its really good .
well essentially someone can literally dispute it and send just the box back right ?
out of all '' cyberpunk awsum !!
what do you expect to get for a $ ?
> kant is wrong on a lot of things .
i mixed it up with this one :
* during the cover of field commander cohen from the luxembourg show , josh re-starts the song again mentioning the monitors / voice . .
my go-to has always been regular straight sex , where the male is n't visible that much .
no it 's not , unless it involves tongue .
| dandy | [ ] ( #c - kindred ) kindred ^ 2 | 2-7-9 |
how come you 're so awesome !
his attack speed does not increase
i posted a merry christmas thread and it got removed .
sold it for 15g , no idea what is its actual worth .
eh , imo you should still do it , you 'd make some fancy karma if you posted the video at a good time : v
i mean , she was already acting like the queen , hbic .
edit : and fuck denmark !
/ r/ghostnipples material
[ removed ]
you say a `` bosnian would never say this '' , but then continue to agree with my post ?
and other surrounding events in thailand
hopefully he 's got some kind of hands and he is n't killed ( 160 lbs . )
i 'm lost and confused !
i hope you like it ** :d **
every one of my server friends has told me that everything is based on post-tax prices .
worst : broncos defense
( see link below ) is it true that : > it was also during his rule , in 1942 , that the entire jewish population of novi pazar -- 221 individuals , were imprisoned , sent to the concentration camp staro sajmište and killed .
now you see , as we all know , romney will win by 4 points because of the way that it is . ''
( meta ) i ask that you stop with conflict posts for a while , until my battle has been resolved .
yes , tiny loss , but a very obvious/completely undeniable one - and for no obvious gains ( not obvious to me , at least ) .
lumi is lumi . . he should 've been cut
my comment :
dear lord , almost as if they 're like a corporation or some shit .
would be great if they 're bitter and he angrily walks her down and he 's like
it will run better .
there 's a word for a [ shop that hires out floor sanding machines ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/95/fussbodenschleifmaschinenverleih.jpg )
did you guys hire an artist or some web 3.4 web designer
i like my old boring self and i 'm glad no bullshit is happening to me at the moment .
how exactly do you define what is professional and what is not ?
not that it 's new , but you 'd think you people would learn eventually .
is that sort of a societal financial test , if you can afford a wedding you may get married ?
there 's the microsoft store .
meh , i doubt many people will look at riot badly for this .
i love you pasarel ;d
this of course isnt the only reason for low attendance , utah being a small scene , plus a week before big house , plus like a month after shine , plus it not being during the summer so it could attract the smashers who are in school , plus the actual trailer being dropped from where most people heard about this was only shown like 3 months in advance , not enough time for a lot of people to plan their yearly smash trip , most people choose big house genesis or evo by that time
lol , upravo to se i dogodilo !
no , i forget to add possesed trait
anyway , is there a list of war prisoners held on both sides ?
> three years later , it 's time to realize that the entire world recognizes ukraine 's authority on crimea issue , including the art .
* social media and official website : [ facebook ] ( https://www.facebook.com/natusvincere ) | [ twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/natusvincere ) | [ weibo ] ( http://t.qq.com/naviteam ) | [ website ] ( http://navi-gaming.com/en )
now that i think of it , cis players gave us a lot of memes . .
get stuck on one and you only hurt yourself .
when i got to the point where i * had * to learn how to manage a windows server specific details , i decided to drop out ( like , half a year ago ) .
it felt like this sub was celebrating christmas on the day turkey entered syria .
you just ca n't top what nmh has done in 1998 , and jeff knows it .
err , i 'm responding to your post where you claimed that america was supposed to be a `` diverse '' country ( whatever that means )
you 're making things up .
sorry , i was only reading the title and thought it was about a christian rock band .
although it was fairly predictable nezuko and tanjirou will be fighting as a pair , and good for tanjiou too , he does n't have much of a chance against demons as he is right now .
how can i avoid having that penalty .
really ?
im thinking about that too
coldplay : a rush of blood to the head
selling xboxen ?
) | municipalities | per 1m pop .
the young turks , so it 's prolly best you dont watch
that 's the best i got .
35 is my upper limit and im 21 so yeah .
the original picture is by [ hakeryk2@deviantart] ( http://hakeryk2.deviantart.com/art/love-kills-143557955 ) .
to illustrate the point , take a look at [ this series of pictures ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ckijg1k.jpg ) showing a fan photographed at different frame rates ( shutter speeds ) .
why is there this fear associated to swimming in lakes ?
and that 's the game .
if anyone has the password can you please pm me with it ?
yup , the imax is huge and even shows movies after the museum closes .
u wot m8
relax , hug each other , and see what will happen .
as a us citizen i am no less american than anyone else .
> as a female
unless money can be made from it no one cares
( what is a boofhead ? )
you might actually be right about that .
i knew they would always give it to me but i just couldnt accept it because i know how hard it was at the time .
take a look at [ procedural parts ] ( http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/index.php?/topic/96402-105-procedural-parts-parts-the-way-you-want-em-v1111-dec-16/ ) .
what a fucking rampage .
she 'd be furious that i 'd support my sister , but i know that she appreciated the loyalty i showed her , although she never returned it - weeks later my mom started asking * me * if i had sex with anybody ( at university i had about three female friends - all of the others were males , including my very closest bud , who was a decidedly dashing guy with lots of girls swooning after him ) and i 'd again tell her that it was none of her damn business .
great actors , great scenes ( the street chase , the ending ) .
the only things that can stop / r/badhisory from being pedantic are alcohol poisoning and king edward traveling back in time to smother our mothers as infants .
. . therefore they do n't use bitcoin for absolutely anything .
the countries who are making a fuss about global warming are the countries that are freaking out the most .
wait till the gold medal game .
i 've been there .
you can still win this game !!
are you mentally ill , yoshi ?
the beach ( [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:varvara_beach_dinev.jpg ) ) was super wild !
right now atm lordaeron has around 6k people and icecrown 12k + so there is queue .
anyway , the worst thing about schizophrenia is the absolute emotional emptiness and disconnection from the real world .
this ai n't some third world country with no internet ( though we 're not exactly rich as a country , is there a second world country type ?
then it 's - beautifully done .
source : was confused .
beauty ?
a dog that is not trained might bite you .
not a very good commentator but he goes absolutely insane sometimes .
[ dear motherland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rbmnmso_b8 ) - ** bulgaria ** ( by default )
is this thing real ?
all of these groups also :
you only speak italian and consider yourself italian .
why do you have to constantly nag about what other people like ?
> the seed `` base ment '' puts you in an endless loop of the first floor of the game .
i think her name was jeanne clement )
i went up to catch my breath , went down again and swam to the edge as fast as i could .
i 've dabbled a bit with wc3 creation , nothing serious , but i followed the scene seeing the development .
man , i do n't want detroit again .
how do people even die in the temple ?
in season 4 , skt had a perfect winter split and yet disapeared from the map when summer came .
look at his history , either op has the most interesting life of a human being , or he is lying all the time and posting memes for karma .
course , being an artifact , nobody but its long dead creator knows what it really does , so it will take some time for the to uncover just how op it is .
nobody but himself to blame .
we have plenty of talent we can still develop , and holding on to leggy just out of loyalty is kind of not a good thing to do .
a nice pair of fake ones beats a bad pair of natural ones .
what 's the timeframe for the two events ?
we need to strengthen our cb and st roles and maybe rw and that could be enough business .
`` out ... side '' ... ?
eastern europe usually mean east of the iron curtain , and all those countries have a lot in common .
thanks very much for the idea , i 'll search for one here , in my country !
i never expected that .
of course it 's a generalization and there are easter europeans with some kind of personality who are great guys but more often than not they are not the great guys .
please blizzard give us an option to disable skins .
no personal attacks , this is an official warning .
it 's human instincts and evolution .
does your majesty expect to always be matched with fully bis geared teammates ?
my bad .
this is the reason he changed his mind mere hours after the announcement .
it 's a 16 year old film !
i hope the enter at the beginning of the name does n't mean it 's a whole different card .
the u.s. foreign policy is made by many people , over decades .
a group of people can be specific , but not a specific individual .
with waifu wars ; /
i am not aware of a single mutable value type in the framework but of course i do n't know all of them .
are you saying we should have let the gorilla maim the kid possibly ?
i am not trying to defend chrome at all .
a paralegal in my firm is pretty short like under 1.60 and she always has trouble with the upper shelves .
savage .
stirred , not shaken .
defence
absolutely nothing happened there .
he said that he 's looking to continue his career with all his fashion stuff multiple times before .
> the land speed record on a motorcycle .
i have a macbook pro , i5 with 8gb ram and it runs visual studio 2015rc absolutely beautifully under windows 10 ( rtm ) .
http://manly-bg.com/main_en/437_products.html .
but with this win my pick 'em is spot on for this group so there is that :d
okay , [ here 's the article i read about it , that had something to do with it , sorry ] ( http://annawu.com/blog/2011/09/focal-length-comparison/ )
eventually , we are heading towards `` the midas plague '' [ ( here is the summary ) ] ( http://variety-sf.blogspot.nl/2008/06/frederik-pohl-midas-plague-novella.html ) of a sort ...
... because i still miss my ex d :
it was more than awesome , it was unbelievable , as i never thought i 'll get to see this band live .
* i look for chicken *
this is honestly super hype , the best worlds song since the imagine dragons one in 2014 .
so if it is a harem end , he wo n't give anything .
maybe now undead have been sighted around that area .
> literally
] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su4mdyj8dsi )
* he did n't turn off gimbals on the outer engines , so it 's way over-correcting back and forth .
> floors only touch your feet , so where 's the sanitation issue with that ?
no wonder it 's such a huge product , and everyone i know that watches football follows it as well .
gg decided to appease its enemies .
that being said if you train consistently since you were about 10 then maybe you wo n't be champ but you will be good enough to hang with the top guys .
i love how that sounds .
what makes you think edm fans can read notes ?
( not saying which is better or worse , there 's no such thing in opinions )
you are supposed to start your dota before you join a lobby ...
people like bisping more than woodley so he gets leeway .
again , you have no argument here , just vitriol .
is a fuel tank anything with the word `` tank '' in it ?
ca n't hate on the meathead when he won with a decision over cruz of all people .
after that you will have to land an e or two : ^ )
i have watched all of them , but himym is one of the shows that i do n't remember much after watching an episod .
years ago i learned to actually understand women .
did anyone else mentally say in their head `` cat cat cat cat '' with each footstep that the cat made , as if that was the sound that the footstep would make ?
you see most people would call it a sweep that killed his chances but the real moral victory and momentum went to sanders that day .
just do n't worry about it .
just my two cents .
if zohan decided to sharpen knives he 'd sound like you .
yes there are bad police officers who can not keep their composure .
most memes he reviews are already normie tier atm of the video
sorry but while i understand why you do n't want to raid with a guild , saying that m + is more efficient is just plain wrong .
because this gives us a chance for revenge
being against your own nation while a member of your own nation seems like a self destructive proposition .
druid | 140 | 6/10 | 3/5 enlighten | berserk 1 | 80 |
you 're not exactly breaking new ground in originality here .
no offense to you , but i think you might be missing the point of planetside 2 to begin with .
there is this thing called `` account levels '' and `` hero levels '' , you know ?
are they republicans now
this may be a good enough motivation for some working people to start having children .
basically you are a cultural marxist and a statist highly intollerant of any other political and social views .
the ult effect still persists medusa is just invurnable .
you have a twitch and a kha ` zix .
these are actually road police .
looks like handsome jack from borderlands 2
wards - instakill with lvl 1 ult on lvl 2-3 wards
you will notice some shitty effects for a while .
what do you get when you make a macedonian take a bath ?
find something appropriate to tag them
we have nothing to lose but our chains !
i also tried holding down the power button for quite a long time .
we might as well rename ourselves to conservative republican-voting christian gun-lovers , inc.
not based on a 5 min video .
network drive clients do n't care ( or know ) about the underlying filesystem .
that is impressive !
similar to colorado , iirc .
no way this game is worth only 5 $ ( and i paid less ) .
if you want to see my whole draft :
i must have skipped the `` central america '' part of the post .
urgot reappeared because he 's good vs tanks .
however , does the change have to be unidirectional ?
nah , woodward probably .
i will delete this post now .
that 's not saying much .
i guess i just like worn/ugly things , lol .
talk to * everyone * , all the time , guys included .
paint protector : kevin love and blake griffin .
well you can put talon e ( or ekko e , forgot about him ) .
what more can you want .
do we need an epidemic to act ?
i did n't pay much attention but i found it interesting how the tech originated from some browser and then the standards body declared the behaviour non-standard .
those thighs ...
then i swam in a crystal clear mountain lake .
with a guy that is so family friendly , why would you not book him some talk shows day time tv , slap some charity that promotes a healthy lifestyle ... the wwe has been doing this shit for years
who am i kidding , i 'm laughing my tits off .
eastern europe is basically between baltic 's southern coast and black sea 's northern .
this.surname = surname ;
you should login only via apps , downloaded from official sources of course .
that 's why you never hear about number of tickets sold .
no preorders
the p10 will probably sell much more than htc just like the p9 did .
no one would want their popular app used for eating disorders , and restricting diets or fasting can go without an app for that limited period of time during the diet .
yes , we are willing .
adonis/10 .
i just want to shove various performance increasing compounds into my body and get big .
mhm , if you listen carefully you 'll notice that in trap with heavier synths the 808 is usually less distorted and less in your face , because otherwise it would clash with the instruments .
just remember that if you 're getting that one , cut the sides very short so it creates a color contrast with the hair on top because your hair is dark
unfortunately some people will always find a reason to bitch .
why not .
i 'm curious as to whether there is a name for this specific kind of guitar sound or music style .
if you need a person with 0 artistic talent you can count on me always .
edit : punctuation
also bristle 's shiva slow is pretty relevant .
when you look up at the sky there 's clouds and sky and sun , and when you go up with a plane there 's more sky and clouds and then there 's space
damn , i 'm gon na go and reinstall that game now .
the members of the tech comittee are supposed to pick the best option for debian based on technical consideration .
that 's before the site 's cut .
did writing this make you feel better about kosaki ?
i loved when in a prop hunt episode when they were blocked by a desk infront of a door .
as someone who used to run 32 bots in diablo3 for months , bought 4 high end pc 's a car and made huge bank from them i will try to shed some light on why this is a bad idea and why chris and ggg design / view towards the game are absolutely brilliant .
well . . shoot .
not only have they returned to their beloved sixth , they 've also had the easiest games so far from all top 6 sides , meaning that they still have to face chelsea , city , arsenal , spurs and the magic of burnley away .
i think i found your problem .
the torn photo is the saddest-looking item in the game .
i 'm black * star , the world 's greatest assassin and i 'll assassinate you right here !
you 're omnipotent but have no idea on how to use it since you 're not omniscient .
when will you realize they actually end up growing even more hard-core muslims with the next generations , and that many terrorists have in fact not just been born in europe , but attended good universitites , been exposed to atheism 's ideas and * still * end up hard-line islamists ?
$ 4000 buys you a very old farmhouse on 2 acres of land in my country ( bg ) .
his r got nerfed in terms of full ap builds .
not for most of eastern europe .
was his name picasso kerman ?
the free defensive stats are not nearly enough for people to survive the base damages on most heroes and 90 % of the time you need defensive items
whether he decides to stop or continue , that 's his choice and i 'll respect it .
i thought he referred to the 2 conflicts that make france look weak in modern military terms being not ww1 and ww2 , but ww2 and the vietnam/algeria debacles .
i would watch it over f1 anyday ,
> to become more tenacious , zealous , or resolute in a position or undertaking
what i can say about this book is ... it has what is to me the perfect аdaptation in to a movie , i have not read a lot of books in my life , so there is not much to compare but to me it was spot on .
as for mata , he was a luxury player that moyes signed , one that we did n't necessarily need .
not a chance , dude .
more workers = lower pay , since there 's more competition .
and the 29.86 % .
you 're attempting to use the gérondif and that way your sentence will indeed sound more natural .
to each his own i guess .
it definitely felt restricting to go back to the old ac formula after having such freedom in ac3 and ac4 .
run it at 30 fps , big whoop , console players pretty much expect that .
oh please i have n't seen anyone go as far to say `` fuck this shit i 'm out of here '' .
yes , i know this film .
chorus goes like this :
be specific .
> unfair rent hikes
it 's not like women are quite fine with desexualizing their breasts .
also are there longer version of these 10min ones because i see the older numbered episodes from the beginning are all 25 min ?
so raw ... pure and aggressive
* vaelastrasz when he was available for 1 hour only .
by the early 1990s , there was no effective authority at the federal level .
some mods ( remotetech2 , tac life support , far ) actually make the game harder .
i 'm ruling at spelling at the nursery , 1 graders beware !
aim goes easily on smfc + level ( would know since i 've seen my fair share of lem/le 's ) and amazing gamesense .
is the international community wrong ?
> racists/bigots seem to always think they 're being persecuted .
when the grove is fully grown , ivern may free the monsters to recieve gold and experience .
i do n't know of any single piece of software that would run on some up-to-date distributions and not on others ( proprietary software and steam games included ) .
[ soccer is a commie sport .
this must stick .
the reasons behind this rule are two :
not big fen of manga , but do n't all manga start with exactly this experience ?
come on ... cr was never meant to be indicative of threat .
found in trash !
thank you !
this ca n't be not satire
well ryze is a black man painted blue , but people seem to forget that .
they did get nominations , whilst sc2 with a brand new standalone addon got nothing .
huh , guess it is older than i thought .
there are some differences but the process needs to be started and we need to see where it leads us .
the key is to live in this beautiful country and work online for a western company ...
this keyboard is on sale at the moment if anyone is interested :p .
> virtues invariably lead you to me .
i 'm pretty sure mike fisher is not going anywhere .
it is a sandbox game without an end goal .
it 's fucking ridiculous , even more when you immediately make a fucking post like `` hey guys i got banned and this is my new account '' .
it 's looks pretty decent actually .
there were very loud protests and statements from the turkish government .
doubt that reso will stay in this team .
why are you playing league then ?
how do they know there was no mother , the puppies looked well fed .
the way i understood it ( from op 's writeup ) , the car was a foreign car , not with danish registration .
still as far away from a playoff spot as chicago , so not that bad , really .
good luck guys .
hahahaha of course he is .
ciao , lavoro all ` università e ti posso dire : il numero di studenti che copia tesi universitarie is too damn high !
someone playing as carthage would be very dangerous , sneaking attacks left and right .
it is still a common religious symbol in buddhism and hinduism .
i call him zipper foot tm .
but that 's when bots take over the world .
to himself .
well i am glad we can at least have a somewhat civil conversation except the whole han master race part .
> tibetan
to go out of your way to enquire about the murder in your house you were never told about just to realize in the end that it was all a joke by the previous owner - a stranger to you - is far from bringing out feelings of simpathy and compassion .
i 'm sure healthy pedigrees for potential mates transcends that of simple animals such as humans and so ` tolerance ' is beneficial for the bloodline to prosper as best it can but i do n't see what this has to do with gaming journalism ethics in particular .
here i am .
he 's not a symbol of chinese male prowess ?
where are the aggros for the spj debate ?
you know , perhaps better than me , that 's a silly question .
i call it the red-kit curse .
and i 've just tried to do a kawasaki a few days ago .
you literally can not ` write ' in mandarin because mandarin is spoken .
some british people are caught in the middle .
i have no idea which conversation is the author using , so i 'll leave the 斤 there .
no idea , i do n't watch indian cinema
anyone who leads a ship can be called captain .
a brainwashed red guard from the cultural revolution who hopes to see the last remnants of han chinese culture die out ?
regardless of what his intention was , he was taken seriously by pretentious art critics everywhere and he made being a pretentious cunt popular .
which makes this matter all the more humorous as milo is a greek born brit and so the sense of * nation * is skewed from the get go .
they take cultural identity pretty seriously .
i do n't think the media gets things more wrong than right when a big story breaks out .
why do n't we just stick to what we do before having bureaucracy throw us off because someone 's having a bad day and should n't be holding the keys to the shop .
[ source ] ( http://chartsbin.com/view/4f8 )
please be more clear .
happy caek day jungle sultan man
however too many chinese history books written by foreigners have limited or skewed understanding of chinese history , and there are many cases of authors who can not read the primary source they are basing their analysis off on and have a limited understanding of certain periods and social values in the context .
sloppy boredom is n't one of them .
it has a diversified crowd , yet a low number of pseudo-thugs , douches and attention whores .
i think it 's a shame people did that .
oh yeah , this idiot , his name in chinese is 中出羊子 , he must have a screw loose in his head or something .
that 's irrelevant .
no , north han and south han are both han .
and the josé manuel rumours .
humanism does n't go by that name for nothing .
he touched the ball first and did n't make any extra movement to touch the player .
> russia controls way too much territory to be a reliable partner in the modern , globalized world !
china will ensure it gets very expensive to maintain ... for the host nation .
find some way to communicate to bane that he failed part of his plan
> it 'd be like sweden trying to claim that valdemar atterdag was a swede .
if not , google is putting hearsay ( `` we heard you are an impersonator from this random internet person , so we believe them ; hand us your id now , or be forever denied from our services '' ) above your word and honor when you make a google + account .
in `` stay with the beat '' this repeating device draws so much attention that it 's if you had a limited catalogue of arrangement variations , when it clearly is n't the case .
deep thoughts after drinking ?
china in east/south asia .
and they are all choosing characters to be from all sorts of stories western and eastern .
i do n't think this is a matter of having a clue about harmony , but rather of needing it to be perfectly according the book .
i agree everybody that you should probably crush muscovy before they blob into lithuania or sweden and become even more difficult to deal with
i wish the patriarchy i deal with was as nice with me as it is with these privileged students .
just go for a weekend to go ` shopping ' .
philippines is catholic , vietnam , cambodia , laos , thailand are buddhist , singapore is mostly atheist .
it 's bullshit .
not east asianism hijacked by desis .
i live in china and travel to hong kong very often because i have friends there , you are absolutely crazy if you think hong kong people liked british rule more .
why are these unethical journalists trying to have all these people made unemployed ?
he does n't waste time when rm needs it .
cristiano broke the record of cl goals .
video , then others follow .
seems shakespeare is now banned from the english language .
it makes it all the more troubling when you consider caste and regional differences make it easier for brahmin caste indians who can afford to leave the subcontinent and live in the uk and australia and america , to identify with their similarly light skinned anglo masters and blithely ignore the darker skinned dravidian indians in their shithole hellhole.after all , when it comes to war , it 'll be those dark skinned indian dravidians who 'll be doing the dying not the lighter skinned , upper caste brahmins who live comfortably in the west .
> after the japanese defeat in the pacific war , those forces had planted nationalist chinese flags and stone markers on itu aba , spratly island and west york island and set up a garrison on itu aba in december 1946
where ?
* now * they have good soil .
he 's ** predictable ** , his ult windup is ** slow ** .
these problems are n't biological .
the eu tried to play power games with said oligarchs and is now losing the game .
mainly is phasma and darth vader .
this usually freezes a guard on the wrong side of the train , effectively removing him from the heist .
> through passion , i gain strength .
statistically speaking , it 's certain that some girls among his fans have been rape victims .
but her storyline did n't quite appeal to me .
luckily america is surpassing everyone else in history as the imperialist world champions .
that 's european racism in its full glory , which is more noticeable from northern and central countries towards southerners .
> an arab scholar from the 14th century described black western african people as closer to savages and therefore predisposed to be used as slaves .
lucky goalkeeper , it was offside .
so what you 're saying is that somehow only allowing big businesses to have full access to the internet is good for innovation .
having said that , rompuy sounds like a bad guy from the animated tv show of tintin when he speaks french .
so in your opinion did op 's partner kill a dog or not ?
if they cut out the violence , the 批斗 scenes , a lot of plot holes would appear .
same here .
looks like this artist 's marketing department is a little too pompous for success .
of course it 's hyperbole but something ** bad ** is going to happen to the press under his watch and , as it currently stands , i do n't think the majority of people will see a problem with whatever it will be .
english has phrasal verbs that change the meaning of the root verb ( `` to profit '' in this case ) , so it 's still a direct translation of `` aproveitar '' even if it uses a non-verb word ( `` from '' ) .
but the current videos are more than enough for analysis purposes ( like media articles about football players , for example ) , especially if compared with players from decades ago whose many goals and feats went unrecorded .
they 'll still be attention seeking idiots either way and so whatever floats your boat ss ;)
looks like the lady dropped off the radar ( besides dropping off that platform ) :
just one of the many problems with multiculturalism
why have i had a different experience talking to people from guangdong ?
> the people of the north are strong ; they must not copy the fancy diets of the southerners , who are physically frail , live in a different environment , and have different stomachs and bowels . -- the kangxi emperor , tingxun geyan ( 庭訓格言 )
i think that 's kind of important .
it must have a nice view over the river , judging by the building 's orientation .
apparently , this member of scientology does n't understand hubbard 's original doctrine at all .
not a flattering picture .
i 'll gladly pay money for bickers ' book though , shameless plug on your part , might i add .
press and politics will intertwine occasionally , but as long as it is disclosed upfront they should be able to be freely expressed .
somebody please fund this movie .
skt last year compared to this year .
they cater to wealth and power .
> all coal miners must be 30 % women .
personally i think trying to steer a group like this is wrong , even if it is shitposting at its core .
it 's not easier for china to cut ties with korea than america just regarding the sheer amount of interconnectedness .
dimorphism in the brain is a recognised area which will no doubt go beyond its current label as research continues but beyond some indicators which favour some outcomes we really know nothing about it yet .
i am a rapist .
technically the owner only need to hire the correct people is manage it and everything will run on its own .
do n't let pepe ruin football for you .
lifter = / = serious power lifting competitor
murrican forget to take the pills today ?
unfortunately the second edition does n't give me the same vibes as the first does , so i need the first one .
some of the longer ones are much better edited .
i 'm not willing to be personally engaged in this person 's life to the point of actively interfering in it ( i have all my real life acquaintances and friends for that already ) .
that 's why we archive :)
( if so , does mozilla really allow this ?
enforcement of the page act resulted not only in the reduction of prostitutes but also the `` virtually complete exclusion of chinese women from the united states '' .
you think i would promote whitey history ?
but ...
[ better with music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erkbutwkkbk )
because they were sent as ` volunteer troops ' and not considered official members of the pla , so they were poorly equipped .
but concentrated wealth for the good of the people and the state can be seen as a socialist compromise .
> white men being white supremacists , and self-hating asian women still willingly rewarding their racist behaviour .
blind is also a very versatile defender , like rojo and emre can and countless more that play in top leagues like serie a , ligue 1 , la liga and bundesliga .
even philippines is pivoting away from the west under duterte 's leadership .
are you fucking kidding me ?
given birth only cost rm40 in government hospital iirc .
wow how did you lock down the coast before others ?
qatar , uae and saudi arabia treat nepali and se asian laborers as slaves .
the sinewy build is actually very common in many elite military units like the sas
i lose my appetite just listening to that wind whistling through her cunt flaps .
doesnt even make sense m8
but you have 100 % chance that you 're at the wrong side for the first try .
liquid gold .
the referee fucked up .
> however , i actually do n't think the chinese tangzhuang or the qipao are that bad at all .
the three men with the highest iqs are all east asian ( scientists/engineers/mathmaticians instead of children 's books writers and chess players ) : terence tao , christopher hirata , kim ung yong .
morelike all of the nations in the world .
but instead of just moving on and speeding on his car to the mph that his insecurity-driven road rage demands , he had to go and bully and belittle the cyclist .
in contrast , recent surveys of y-chromosomal dna variation revealed that the korean population contained lineages typical of both southern and northern east asian populations [ 6 ] , [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] .
because the court accepts that the notification will change domestic law , it must require parliamentary approval .
student exchange in ireland and uk for 3 month each , while others are just visiting for like a week or two .
not really , if you take every e-sport into consideration , fnatic has over 480 top 3 placements , liquid has over 430 top 3 placements and na'vi has over 210 top 3 placements .
i hope i made it clear now .
good points but / u/spez altered comments within t_d without consent and people have been tried in courts of law based upon their posts on reddit ergo ; reddit may be complicit in the ongoing investigation of national security involving / u/stonetear .
he explains perfectly why he is in position to address this issue and be heard .
a lot of things are possible , but practical ?
everyone take vacation in october .
and i 'd disagree with
the wikipedia data does have several sources which make it seems pretty reliable .
i feel like side quests and white question marks should scale with your level .
beijing , political capital of china - great wall , forbidden city , temple of heaven , summer palace .
you 'd have to ask those who label people toxic for a proper answer on that question :)
mubarak was the less of two ( or many more ) evils .
we are demanding true justice for mr. liang and justice for all .
can sniper rifles replace shield bash ?
> edit : my experiment was a success .
i never knew that overweight people in canada being insulted on purpose was a `` sizable '' problem ?
that looked like a concussion .
it 's not about friendship , it 's about business and career .
does n't matter much now .
well actually it has something to do with the huge counter-culture boom in american society like hippies and those motorbike riding guys with leather jackets and pompadours .
uses a dark side of the force to do good stuff .
without offside , modern football would have no need for midfielders and intricate passing play .
if you 're talking third tier chinese city , then yes , some chinese would assoiate that part of china with being low - status and cheap but if you 're talking tier 1 cities like beijing or shanghai or even close to tier 1 like shenzhen , then chinese cities are more advanced than even western cities like la or sydney .
it 's not specifically targeting asians and only asians , and is hegemonic to actual white countries , so why do so many asians take american military presence so personally as a racial issue , instead of more as a geopolitical one ?
it 's freedoms for slovenliness when it suits .
the more upsetting thing is that this is happening in 2017 america of all places ... of maybe we shouldnt be surprised .
if the parents are jailed , the kids become orphans and go to school in the orphanage .
focus on something like * bishops finger * for its nomenclature associative undercurrent of sexual molestation by the catholic church or tea and coffee for their relationship with the days of the great british empire and its exploitation of indigenous peoples via brutal treatment and slavery .
i ca n't even ...
wms hate ams and fetishize afs .
they used to scam old people in rural china claiming that if they donate their life savings to falun gong they would be spiritually rewarded .
india did n't feel like speaking up for the ones they were supposedly defending at the end ?
most people covering hallelujah do it because jeff buckley did it .
it 's because singaporean and malaysian tend to learn ** at least ** 2-3 languages .
when we pay that money ( which we have to , according to the law ) we not only lose more than we could have ( i say `` we '' collectively , not each one of us ai .
micropenis syndrome
you like k-on ?
lol the circlejerk dinner will soon become abysmal
well this is why you need to learn chinese to understand history of china , korea and everything inbetween .
on a 9x9 ?
the country 's that payed him , payed with taxpayer money .
it is clear that most do .
page 1 : http://archive.is/wjtmh
historically matriarchy societies have existed all across the world during the hunter-gatherer era .
case in point : https://np.reddit.com/r/easternsunrising/comments/63l6fj/why_i_will_never_marry_a_woman_who_has_been_in_a/
já começo a estar saturado do ripa/gr ândola / etc.
thank you .
now 's the time to reward friends and punish enemies-especially now the china has the ability to make its enemies suffer-and you can see it with the way the pentagon has had to change and adjust its behaviour ; they 've been forced to come to the table and negotiate with the chinese and more startling , they 've been observed by the rest of the asian countries , to leave nations like japan and pi in the cold when it suits american interests .
please do n't make it as noisy as skywrath mage .
when they came to cambodia to fight against people with swords and spears and halberds , they got their asses whooped .
> east asian male beauty standard is the pretty flower boy , with androgenous men who are sometimes prettier than some females , very skinny , good skincare muscles limited to abdomen , emitting little body odor ( allele frequency for body odor ) , dressed from head to toe in on point fashion .
also many han chinese are moving out of xinjiang than in .
china will be able to use them as persistent civil-military bases of operation to enhance its presence significantly in disputed areas .
** they are generally not accepted as jews by the greater jewish community .
> the thai chinese have been deeply ingrained into all elements of thai society over the past 200 years .
why were flight attendants more aggressive toward dao ?
i bet you would find it interesting/amusing .
how do they detect the input voltage without frying itself in the first place ?
this reads like a greek tragedy .
i made a mistake typing millions when i meant hundreds of thousands , however that does n't detract from the fact that china is hosting a large refugee population and is usually in the top 10 countries by number of refugees hosted .
i 'm starting nothing .
for carbs as per any asian , i have a bowl of rice .
noice facial structure , gud jawline , nohomo , 9/11 , etc.
you conviently left out the wu hu uprising where the jie people conducted massacres against han chinese civilians first .
western sahara being such a desolate landmass , would n't it cost more to run than what you gain ?
[ here 's an archive of the site from august 6th 2016 ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20160806004049/https://gamergate-news.tumblr.com/ )
99 % of the time he takes quotes out of context or flatout put words in people 's mouths and he rarely show the original text or footage .
wait , i know this .
holy shit thats one sophisticated language .
well , oral hygiene is one of the important aspects of routine self maintenance .
just like me .
2 , on the other hand one could argue house of cards picked a pizza place for underwood and zoe to meet , a hint of their relation which only the pedos could understand .
wikileaks to the rescue .
i 'll be the kickee or whatever it takes .
he 's just as established as messi .
that goban on the right is so beautiful i feel the urge to fap .
could be from either side or just a troll of course .
we gon na shine out the dark
** academy award winning director **
the worse pepe did was turn his head .
i never said anything about what the far left was doing , but thank you for that addition
the bulk of people at the front ( right side of the picture ) is the same .
you pay a subscription for their services and you get access to their database .
notice messi tried 34 and did n't even score 3 , which means his conversion rate was half that of cristiano ronaldo .
you are merely infected by the black plague , they were born into it , molded by it ...
> because we grew up watching american cartoons and subtitled movies .
give me a break .
ocpd or ocd ?
make sure you lisp on that oops now !
as much as i like this girl , she 's no kate upton
it fills these regions with shitty corn instead of what they can naturally produce .
but having high iq can be genetic which is what we are trying to solve here .
maybe on a goal highlight reel and even then i 'm not sure .
ex-machina - glorifies wmaf
also are you on the r/esr slack chat ?
i remember a pt tried to sell me tickets to a boxing match sponsored by cali fit ; he told me the company sold the tickets to him so he can sell them at a mark up .
> wow how did you even intepret that that way . ?
also , dont rush .
bosnia and herzegovina is made up of everything other than bosnia or herzegovina , too .
split certainly is , but i ca n't say for hvar and dubrovnik .
yes but they will tell you if the king abdullah ordered their isp to spy on your mail if you happen to live in saudi arabia . . google is not exclusive to us
arya 's * emotions * are supported by * actions * .
daily multiple times .
do n't get me wrong , he made an absolutely horrible tackle and deserved the red , but that little fucker has been pissing me off ever since .
are there any more ?
you used the wrong code , this one
whip it out , whip it out !!
do n't know about america , but , where i 'm from , load bearing columns from brick and mortar and no reinforcements are strictly prohibited .
miruje .
so after hearing this a lot , you kind of always ask yourself '' am i getting the hint right , or am i interpreting her normal behavior according to my wishful thinking ? ''
well , i wanted mine to be unique , so i ended up creating this cool shape i thought i invented .
i would pick most removal over goyf .
i agree with you in a way and all these answers are giving some explanations to what is happening .
g2 looks better and is better phone .
sorry for hijacking the thread , i have related question .
sunčan dan + chillanje na vidikovcu = portuguese state of mind .
> should n't they at least be asked to assimilate to the extent that they go to school , do n't break any laws and support themselves ?
thanks !
well done !
to je članak na indexu ?
i review stuff for a magazine , and two websites with a couple of years experience .
in croatia ?
tower of joy is an enclave of the north !
likely some obscure extremist group you have .
they wait their team to be suspended/dqed to force change within the croatian fa .
the pitch looks quite a lot better than many larger stadia .
so , more then a 2 and a half years and it 's not in sight of coming to eu .
10 years later , i still love this track .
one of reasons i got mine .
i 'm building a somewhat budget gaming pc for a family member since his current pc simply can not run any modern games even on the minimum setings .
you need to tweak the color values manually a bit tho , since they 're a bit on the yellow side .
let 's say there was was a huge explosion one light year away , whose distance would cover a 3 light year radius on either side .
seems like a medical issue which can be allowed for .
this new album really deserves it .
i have some smaller things set to auto pay like internet and streaming services .
to make effective smoke screen wp needs to be in a container .
> of course like claiming the ussr fought two world wars before becoming communist , you do n't seem to have a great grasp of history .
which they do n't .
unless the coast is defended by this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k-300p_bastion-p and strike group might not like the odds of being targeted by it .
even had trains that took people directly there , within the walled housing .
the guys that are still playing sim city 4 today are n't people who invest 50 hours into it in a year .
kumrovec is on the croatian border with slovenia .
aaaaaand the y succesfully changed the sub topic
1 ) croatia had 1 % of muslims but they played a crucial role in defending croatia probably due to their predestination and belief in defending your country no matter what .
you can buy unlocked phones .
with entire wall surrounding our border .
with the lack of discipline from the elder and liturgical life , what is it but a commune of celibates ?
that 's doubling cube and it is very important part of the ( western ) game .
i am guessing , but if the op has not worked out in 7 years , his body is not going to like it at first , he 's been sedentary and complacent with his lifestyle .
no , hetereosexual couples are * supposed * to have children , that is what they are called to do .
'' , 99.99 % of people ask me if i want to publish a book .
well , this is a list of participating religious groups .
the devs posted above and i 'm wrong about the connection between the two , so do n't worry about it when leveling up .
like , when you 're dine studying , ask him to go get a burger with you , or for drinks or sth .
morrowind - fly using magic , use stilt strider , use boat or walk .
* you could also argue that [ this flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9a/confederate_rebel_flag.svg ) was never the flag of the csa and that after the civil war it became a symbol of the south as a part of the us , american nationalists use it as do some black people as well .
as for the speed of rotation , it would follow a sinusoidal pattern where the value of the minimum speed would be the value of the initial speed ( disregarding air resistance ) .
they can kill freys , but lsh and bwb have that covered already ) , there 's little chance it 'll happen in show .
i know if you swap heroes while spirit bear is summoned he remains in the control of the original lone druid until the new one resummons it or upgrades the ability .
it harder to play in manaus beacuse of 90 % moisture in the air .
kako je to bio manji od makova zrna ?
as for rijeka , believe it or not this is the first time i here about the desire to make it an independent state ( istrians however care more about their regional identity ) .
cibona is one of the biggest teams in croatia and partizan is one of 2 biggest teams in serbia .
not square toes , not slip ons .
just do n't go around yelling that now :p
now that maurice was occupied with ruleing his own land the sultan of bengal appointed a new ( capable ) general who aptly got his ass kicked in the war due to devine intervention !
croatia will , until we demolish brazil in next game we play .
the moment we left my mom 's he raved non-stop that i was clearly in love with this gay dude because i told my mom that he 's handsome .
and when they start winning .
it used to be a nightmare but now it works pretty decently .
you 'll get downvoted either way :d
you are saying one thing , you are thinking another and you do nothing .
then why are voter ids required in ca and mx as well as many other 3rd world countries where much of the population is impoverished ?
i 'm pretty sure i know what they were thinking
your article said
i was on a gift farming server and i recieved an uncraftable exorcisor as a drop .
in reality , all you do is open the player edit of a striker - number 25 would appear ; open the player edit of cb - number 5 would appear .
how can he be so touchy , messi did n't get a better treatment
i would , however , like to reiterate my point which i think was n't clear enough .
im really sad this is happening in croatia but i dont buy this holier than thou attitude ...
i think it 's easier to dress ` male ' without having to declare it .
[ here you go ] ( http://forums.euw.leagueoflegends.com/board/attachment.php?attachmentid=155474&amp;d=1386198845 )
it is very easy to ask someone in private to resign voluntarily and publicly in order to keep up appearances .
btw , how many times did georgians report russian tanks in gori so far ?
no , in this case peasants reap what masters sowed .
could not be less true .
evo jedan [ zanimljivi strip ] ( http://freedom-school.com/money/how-an-economy-grows.pdf ) koji se , među ostalim , bavi i temom glasanja .
the happy slovenia part .
i also like to think that all techniques in forms are precise , by-the-book movements .
now i 'm at 115lbs at 8x4 and ca n't seem to get past that .
i hope dončič and šarić become new petrović ( maybe stojaković ) and kukoč .
i think we bend characters too far when trying to put them somewhere in the middle of this [ spectrum .
i made long hoops of the cables and just put them over my head .
it was my bad that i made a lame comparison .
the chetniks are still glorified by part of the populace in serbia .
at the `` speaking animals and their underwater civilization 101 '' class
not impossible .
it 's because you undid your wine .
so kolinda went to poland for the three seas initiative meeting , scheduled before g20 .
that irregularity could have been a result of a sentient life .
afrin folks are already too worried about al qaeda trying to `` liberate '' it so i do n't see much changing there .
video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cfbkbbcjqi
if you feel like spending , get a dimarzio dp120/dp122 ( model one , model p ) matched set .
eric 's father got a call about shotgun shells or bullets ( i really do n't know much about guns ) and ignored it .
did n't give a shit , put it in a tall play pen by himself , let him cry when he wanted to cry .
mclaren-porsche with flat-six engines confirmed
] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdhas1rbzaw )
mind you i ca n't find a spear there ...
that will actually be a problem .
it 's a shame he 'll be up against okabe .
we are not descended from turks and nor are the albanians .
where does it say it has problems ?
i have mario bros 1 , cib several versions ( mattel and pal a ) and would trade for 2 and 3 .
nokia has almost 40 % of the smartphone market .
progressivism 87.5
what the fuck is going on in my country ?
clapton !
php seems easier , but android is more appealing to me .
** what is your budget ( ballpark is okay ) ?
keep both fella and jesse as squad rotation players who can do a job , but please for the love of god do n't start them in a european semifinal .
but yeah upvote this bullshit comment r/soccer .
iggy was doing punk almost a decade before the ramones and others .
which fully opposes the idea of a nation-state .
but , history of bosnian and yugoslav peoples is more a history of cooperation than conflict .
watched the boro-west ham game on saturday , atkinson was reffing it .
is it when the ai offers the deal and is loosing or when ai offers and he 's winning ?
the baltics were actually liberated by the nazis from soviet occupation , according to our baltic posters .
i do get approached a bit more , but generally it 's a very laid back approach .
zantai said it during dev stream with grava .
personally janko reminds me much of valencia , his pace his strength , i think he is a rm who can fill up the rb spot just like valencia . .
actually either way , why are n't there more ?
koje to kvalifikacije imate ?
... the short version is : grrm keeps letting the plot grow/get away from him , that and his writing speed indicate we 'll get the books by 2030 , if at all .
** m.l.
you can thank lotr for that .
and we hate ourselves for our own violence , afterwards .
most obvious one is a pact , either with a fey or a demon .
and damn are they trying hard to not shed even a drop of blood .
you 're fucking dead , le kid .
> brushing it all to luck would be a crime .
luckily there were a bunch of policemen in full riot gear infront od them before the attack could start .
the cosequences were me being very imbarrased while a guy was fixing my pc and looking at the pictures i had saved .
the game only has 1 format that is actually played .
i do n't mind if i die or lose an arm or a leg ... everything is better than not being able to communicate with the world around you .
he 'd always get stuck in the siberia bunkers .
it 's par for the course .
if they had invested in renewable energy sources , which would at first be expensive as fuck .
the damage alone can get huge later on in the game , both with warwick and malzahar .
hr je bas host , as in imamo sator ovdje , ili smo samo prilog host scum ?
no it would not .
the problem to me is when the legal players get hurt because of drm .
so that 's also something commoner-like .
like that guy who met alfonso ribeiro and got so excited he punched ribeiro in the face .
i shall endure :)
and that most of the backlash about it being a fun hobby comes out of defensiveness because of men 's comments suggesting women wear makeup for them .
hopefully you have an adapter that supports vlans and cos in windows .
i really ca n't understand why the fuck would anyone have trouble with breastfeeding ?
/ clicks links
just build a 1000 $ one , throw in a 1440p or 144hz monitor and you 're fine .
uncanny dodge and evasion makes you quite more durable than them .
top down view :
- you can make some neat little lightshows with microchips
a sad vidim kako je bilo bolje u jugi ...
x post / r/missileporn
some degree of cheating is tolerated , there are punishments , but never as severe .
exactly .
the holocaust .
zašto se ne može shipat u hrvatsku s amazon.de ice dok se [ normalni snowball ( koji košta više ) ] ( https://www.amazon.de/blue-mircophones-snowball-mikrofon-gl%c3%a4nzend/dp/b000eopq7e/ref=sr_1_2?s=musical-instruments&ie=utf8&qid=1477948389&sr=1-2&keywords=blue%2bsnowball&th=1 ) može ?
we know that , they know that and you know that .
i 'm not the only one !
there are multiple instances of adc projectiles dealing damage even after the champion dies .
if not , you can go with walcott
and synthetic fossil fuels are the only future in my opinion , nothing packs as much energy in as small and light form and is simple to extract like fossil fuels .
the z3 is the best phone i 've ever got .
i think thats actually a western tradition that the orthodox church borrow .
all the countries that gb once used to own try to be better than gb in all the sports they invened
which really is ideal .
at the same time , i would n't want to be a home owner in the uk when they 're gone , because housing prices are falling like a rock .
> eventually , you have to ask yourself what version of a utopian future do you want .
the [ end result ] ( http://imgur.com/dq1blny ) was achieved after 15 minutes of grinding .
somebody 's gon na spoil something .
10 minutes in .
yep microsoft is slowly phasing it out .
i know that the church ( and possibly cia ) helped hide ante pavelic in rome after wwii , but what other details are there about the hidden evidence ?
i just played la noire , i had no idea the story was inspired by a book :)
the good news ,
the official one ?
logic does n't work that way .
> toro rosso blowing up at the end
you should really nsfw it ...
that is not true .
but when talking to people whose first language is n't english american accent works best .
well , none of the above coalitions did n't get enough seats in the parliament to form a government because a third option appeared - most ( bridge ) .
in zerg guilds its impossible to form a connection to anyone , idk how ppl enjoy that .
> on 5 june 1848 , on the day of josip jelačić 's inauguration as ban of croatia , jelačić was appointed ban in the patriarch 's presence due to juraj haulik 's current absence from zagreb .
> as for defooing i find it pointless unless you can actually afford to do it or if there was serious trauma or abuse .
and they are the axes of evil .
migrants invaded female showers and changing rooms at two public swimming pools in leipzig .
yes we ** are ** threatening austria because all it currently seems to be is a state that is designed to expand its influence through manipulative ways and can not take a real fight , but alright .
[ pedro rodriguez ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cathozkwyaaakw-.jpg )
them being incompetent does n't mean they were a german puppet .
yes , former communist countries are probably in a bad position against russia and they are on the border , but that 's not whole europe .
and you forgot to mention medvednica nature park ...
on the other hands , devs ca n't completely utilise hardware at disposal .
nah not watching that
> are you really not seeing the glaring hole in that logic ?
just buy otc codeine pills and do a cwe .
even lazy
grrm created so many [ plot-problems ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/3q9kdz/spoilers_all_where_have_we_come_from_where_are_we/?ref=search_posts ) he 'll have to reach for gimmicks/tropes to solve them ( else everyone dies ) .
not if there are any documents that incriminate turkey or any other u.s. ally .
elwind should have been number one .
1 doge withdrawal ... are there any transaction fees ?
i 'm not saying somebody who is asexual or homosexual are genetic/evolutionary waste .
tron is level zero because it 's decent against both burn and affinity .
every time i contacted them , they said it 's probably that my internet connection is bad , even though my internet connection has nothing to do with it and it 's working perfectly fine .
it 's complicated .
that 's maybe a little specific , otherwise he knows who you are .
americans did it in iraq and afghanistan .
i 'm expecting him to be an even bigger idiot than bush was .
some of them were religious , some of them were atheist .
any good wireless headset for 30-50 $ ?
so would you believe me if i told you that it is much less about the amount per hour at that point and more about full time vs part time ?
it 's human .
it 's a mid tier team .
i 'm pretty sure that glucosamine is useless .
holy shit , took me a lot longer than i 'd like to admit to notice the polar bear
nobody cares about other 5-6 milion people who also died in the most horrid way
i did n't say they have similarities , i said they compose the rest of the population .
robots can do magic .
tbf i do n't think be saw hazard alone next to him in the box the first time , not that tunnel vision is much of an excuse .
even if you fall a thousand times because of the withdrawal of god 's grace , rise up again each time , and keep on doing so until the day of your death .
60 % of stats are made up 100 % of the time
do you know more about the artstyle perhaps ?
this is quite honestly my biggest disappointment with the game .
